README.md, before:

# Module #2 Challenge
## Noah Becker

### [Github repo](https://github.com/noah35becker/noah-becker-portfolio/)

### [Live web application](https://noah35becker.github.io/noah-becker-portfolio/)
<br/>
************************************************************************

<br/>
<br/>

This code completes the weekly challenge for Module #2 in Columbia's Coding Bootcamp.
<br/>

I have created a work sample portfolio, which contains:
- My name
- A recent photo
- A short bio
- Links for sections about me, my work, and how to contact me
    - Clicking a given nav link scrolls the page to the given section
- A sample collection of clickable, titled images of web applications of mine
    - These are currently dummy/filler projects; clicking on a given project takes the user to a dummy page
        - I will update these with real projects as I actually build more
    - Project #1's image is larger than that of the other projectss
        - For practical/visual reasons, this is true only for tablet-sized screens and larger; for screens narrower than 768px, all project images are the same size

The web application uses a responsive layout that adapts to different viewports and devices.

<br/>



Below are screenshots of the final version of the web application at various screen sizes:

- [1440 width (900 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-1440-x-900.png)
- [1000 width (800 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-1000-x-800.png)
- [900 width (725 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-900-x-725.png)
- [750 width (600 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-750-x-600.png)
- [500 width (700 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-500-x-700.png)
- [390 width (700 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-390-x-700.png)

<br/>
– Noah

Commit message:

note added to README.md about screenshots' best viewing practices

README.md, after:

# Module #2 Challenge
## Noah Becker

### [Github repo](https://github.com/noah35becker/noah-becker-portfolio/)

### [Live web application](https://noah35becker.github.io/noah-becker-portfolio/)
<br/>
************************************************************************

<br/>
<br/>

This code completes the weekly challenge for Module #2 in Columbia's Coding Bootcamp.
<br/>

I have created a work sample portfolio, which contains:
- My name
- A recent photo
- A short bio
- Links for sections about me, my work, and how to contact me
    - Clicking a given nav link scrolls the page to the given section
- A sample collection of clickable, titled images of web applications of mine
    - These are currently dummy/filler projects; clicking on a given project takes the user to a dummy page
        - I will update these with real projects as I actually build more
    - Project #1's image is larger than that of the other projectss
        - For practical/visual reasons, this is true only for tablet-sized screens and larger; for screens narrower than 768px, all project images are the same size

The web application uses a responsive layout that adapts to different viewports and devices.

<br/>



Below are screenshots (best viewed if downloaded locally) of the final version of this web application at various screen sizes:

- [1440 width (900 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-1440-x-900.png)
- [1000 width (800 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-1000-x-800.png)
- [900 width (725 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-900-x-725.png)
- [750 width (600 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-750-x-600.png)
- [500 width (700 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-500-x-700.png)
- [390 width (700 height)](assets/final-screenshots/final-screenshot-390-x-700.png)

<br/>
– Noah
